C/README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <img src="../img/neo_algo.png"><br>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/tesseractcoding/neoalgo?style=flat">
    <a href="http://makeapullrequest.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat" alt="PRs Welcome"></a>
    <img alt="GitHub pull requests" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/tesseractcoding/neoalgo">
    <img alt="GitHub issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/tesseractcoding/neoalgo">
    <img alt="Github All Contributors" src="https://img.shields.io/github/all-contributors/tesseractcoding/neoalgo">
</p>

# Codes in the C language

## CP

- [Activity Selection](cp/Activity_selection.c)
- [Adjacent Element Product](cp/Adjacent_Element_Product.c)
- [Array Mirror Inverse](cp/Array_Mirror_Inverse.c)
- [Anagram Program](cp/anagram_program.c)
- [Binary Search](search/BinarySearch.c)
- [First Missing Positive Integer](cp/first_missing_positive_integer.c)
- [Finding possible codes using recursion ](cp/possible_code_recursion.c)
- [Linear Search](search/linear_search.c)
- [Max Sub Array Sum](cp/maxSubArraySum.c)
- [Painter Partition Problem](cp/painter_partition.c)
- [Random Search Monte Carlo version](search/random_search.c)
- [Randomized selection algorithm](search/randomized_selection_algorithm.c)
- [Sum of Triplet](cp/sum_of_triplet.c)
- [Calculate Double Factorial](cp/doublefactorial.c)
- [Count of distinct elements in every window](cp/Count_Distinct_Elements_in_Every_Window.c)
- [Longest substring without repeating characters](../C-Plus-Plus/cp/Longest_substring_without_repeating_chars.cpp)
- [Maximum Sum Subarray](cp/max_sum_subarray.c)
- [Knutt Morris Prat](cp/Knutt_Morris_Prat.c)
- [Catalan Number](cp/catalan_number.c)
- [Z Algorithm](cp/zalgorithm.c)
- [CP Sets Question](cp/cp_sets_question.c)
- [Boyer-Moore Voting Algorithm](cp/BoyerMooreVote.c)
- [Suduko Solver](cp/SudukoSolver.c)
- [Stock Span Problem](cp/Stock_Span.c)
- [Bulb Switcher problem](cp/bulbSwitch.c)
- [Luhn's Algorithm](cp/LuhnsAlgo.c)

## Cryptography

- [Affine Substitution Cipher](cryptography/Affine_Substitution_Cipher.c)
- [Caesar Cipher Algorithm](cryptography/caesar_cipher.c)
- [Vigenere Cipher Algorithm](cryptography/Vigenere_Cipher.c)
- [Vernam Cipher](cryptography/Vernam_Cipher.c)

## Data Structures

- [Circular Linked List](ds/CircularLinkedList.c)
- [Fenwick Tree](ds/FenwickTree.c)
- [Infix to postfix](ds/infix_to_postfix.c)
- [Paranthesis Checker](ds/paranchecker.c)
- [Preorder Traversal](ds/Preordertraversal.c)
- [Queue All Functionality](ds/queue_all_functionality.c)
- [Queue implementation](ds/Queueimplementation.c)
- [Queue Implementation with Linked List](ds/QueueImplementationWithList.c)
- [Singly Linked List Implementation](ds/singly_linked_list.c)
- [Spiral Matrix](ds/Spiral_Matrix.c)
- [Delete a linked list node function](ds/List_deletenode_func.c)
- [Bellman Ford Algorithm](ds/bellman_ford.c)
- [Implementation of Dijkstra's Algorithm](ds/Dijsktra.c)
- [Circular Queue](ds/circularqueue.c)
- [Post Order Traversal](ds/Postorder.c)
- [Detect Middle Element of the LinkedList](ds/middle_element_of_linkedlist.c)
- [Postorder Traversal](ds/Postorder.c)
- [Stack Implementation with Array](ds/StackImplementationWithArray.c)
- [Stack Implementation with Linked List](ds/StackImplementationWithLinkedList.c)
- [Evaluation Of Postfix Expression](ds/EvaluationOfPostfixExpression.c)
- [Removing duplicates from sorted linked list](ds/removeDuplicate.c)
- [Doubly Linked List Implementation](ds/doubly_linked_list.c)
- [Stack Using Queue](ds/StackUsingQueue.c)
- [Finding a pair of element](ds/Finding_a_pair_of_element.c)
- [Sparse Matrix using Linked List](ds/Sparse_Matrix.c)
- [Leaf Nodes in Binary Search Tree](ds/Leaf_Nodes_BST.c)
- [Hash Table using Linear Probing](ds/Hash_Table.c)
- [Construction Of Binary Tree From Preorder And Inorder Traversals](ds/binary_tree_from_preorder_and_inorder.c)

## Searching

- [Binary Search](search/BinarySearch.c)
- [Iterative-Binary Search](search/IterativeBinarySearch.c)
- [Fibonacci Search](search/Fibonacci_Search.c)
- [Interpolation Search](search/Interpolation.c)
- [Linear Search](search/linear_search.c)
- [Manacher's Algorithm](search/Manacher's_Algorithm.c)
- [Random Search Monte Carlo version](search/random_search.c)
- [Jump Search](search/JumpSearch.c)

## Sorting

- [Bead Sort](sort/beadSort.c)
- [Heap Sort](sort/HeapSort.c)
- [Bubble Sort](sort/bubble_sort.c)
- [Insertion Sort](sort/InsertionSort.c)
- [Matrix Sort](sort/MatrixSorting.c)
- [Merge Sort](sort/MergeSort.c)
- [Merge Sort in O(1) space complexity](<sort/mergesort_in_O(1)_space_complexity.c>)
- [OddEven Sort](sort/oddevensort.c)
- [Optimized Bubble Sort](sort/OPtimizBubble_Sort.c)
- [Selection Sort](sort/selection_sort.c)
- [Shell Sort](sort/ShellSort.c)
- [Bucket Sort](sort/bucketSort.c)
- [Max_Min_HeapSort](sort/MAX_MIN_HeapSort.c)
- [Radix Sort](sort/radix_sort.c)
- [Counting Sort](sort/countingSort.c)
- [Shaker Sort](sort/shaker_sort.c)
- [Sort using Binary Search Tree](sort/BST_Sort.c)

## Dynamic Programming

- [EditDistance in Dp](dp/EditDistanceDP.c)
- [N-Queen](https://github.com/subhayu99/NeoAlgo/blob/master/C/dp/N-Queen.c)
- [Max_Sub_Square_Matrix](dp/Max_Sub_SquareMatrixwithAll_1s.c)
- [Max_Sum_Rectangle_Matrix](dp/Max_Sum_Rectangle.c)
- [Implement Floyd-Warshall Algorithm](dp/floyd_warshal.c)
- [House Robber](dp/houseRobber.c)
- [Unique BST](dp/Unique_BST.c)

## Graphs

- [Kruskal's Algorithm](graphs/Kruskal_Algorithm.c)
- [Prim's Algorithm](graphs/Prim_Algorithm.c)
- [Breadth First Search](graphs/BFS.c)
- [Adjacency List](graphs/Adjacency_List.c)

## Machine Learning

_add list here_

## Mathematics

- [Binary Exponentiation](math/Binary_Exponentiation.c)
- [Euler's Totient Function](math/Euler's_Totient_function.c)
- [GCD By Euclidean Algorithm](math/GCD_In_C.c)
- [Sieve of Eratosthenes](math/Sieve_of_Eratosthenes.c)
- [Armstrong Number](math/armstrong_number.c)
- [Extended Euclidean Algorithm](math/Extended_Euclidean_Algorithm.c)
- [Happy Number](math/happy_number.c)
- [Automorphic Number](math/automorphic_no.c)
- [Karpekar Number](math/Kaprekar_no.c)
- [Neon Number](math/Neon_number.c) 

## Operating System

- [Banker's Algorithm](operating_system/bankers.c)
- [Round Robin Scheduling Algorithm](operating_system/Round_Robin_Scheduling.c)

## Other

- [Find the Numbers](other/Find_the_numbers.c)
- [Number_of_duplicates_using_Binary_search](other/Number_of_duplicates_using_Binary_search.c)
- [Russian Peasant Algorithm](other/Russian_Peasant_Algorithm.c)
- [Tower of Hanoi](other/Tower_Of_Hanoi.c)
- [Remove outermost parentheses](other/remove_outermost_parentheses.c)
- [Recursion count of substring](other/recursion_string.c)
- [Unique Number - III](other/UniqueNumberIII.c)
- [Left most non-repeating character in given string](other/leftmost_nonrepeating_char.c)
- [Nth Ugly Number](other/ugly_number.c)
- [Palindrome](other/Palindrome.c)
- [Concatenate two strings](other/concatenate_two_strings.c)

## CP

- [Activity Selection](cp/Activity_selection.c)
- [Anagram Program](cp/anagram_program.c)
- [First Missing Positive Integer](cp/first_missing_positive_integer.c)
- [Max Sub Array Sum](cp/maxSubArraySum.c)
- [Sum of Triplet](cp/sum_of_triplet.c)

## Cryptography

- [Affine Substitution Cipher](cryptography/Affine_Substitution_Cipher.c)
- [Caesar Cipher Algorithm](cryptography/caesar_cipher.c)
- [Check for subsequence](other/check_for_subsequence.c)
- [Swap_Two_Nibbles](other/Swap_two_nibbles.c)
- [Sudoku Solver](other/SudokuSolver.c)

## Blockchain

_add list here_

Commit message:

adding iterative algorithms for preorder inorder and postorder travesal in c

C/README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <img src="../img/neo_algo.png"><br>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/tesseractcoding/neoalgo?style=flat">
    <a href="http://makeapullrequest.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat" alt="PRs Welcome"></a>
    <img alt="GitHub pull requests" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/tesseractcoding/neoalgo">
    <img alt="GitHub issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/tesseractcoding/neoalgo">
    <img alt="Github All Contributors" src="https://img.shields.io/github/all-contributors/tesseractcoding/neoalgo">
</p>

# Codes in the C language

## CP

- [Activity Selection](cp/Activity_selection.c)
- [Adjacent Element Product](cp/Adjacent_Element_Product.c)
- [Array Mirror Inverse](cp/Array_Mirror_Inverse.c)
- [Anagram Program](cp/anagram_program.c)
- [Binary Search](search/BinarySearch.c)
- [First Missing Positive Integer](cp/first_missing_positive_integer.c)
- [Finding possible codes using recursion ](cp/possible_code_recursion.c)
- [Linear Search](search/linear_search.c)
- [Max Sub Array Sum](cp/maxSubArraySum.c)
- [Painter Partition Problem](cp/painter_partition.c)
- [Random Search Monte Carlo version](search/random_search.c)
- [Randomized selection algorithm](search/randomized_selection_algorithm.c)
- [Sum of Triplet](cp/sum_of_triplet.c)
- [Calculate Double Factorial](cp/doublefactorial.c)
- [Count of distinct elements in every window](cp/Count_Distinct_Elements_in_Every_Window.c)
- [Longest substring without repeating characters](../C-Plus-Plus/cp/Longest_substring_without_repeating_chars.cpp)
- [Maximum Sum Subarray](cp/max_sum_subarray.c)
- [Knutt Morris Prat](cp/Knutt_Morris_Prat.c)
- [Catalan Number](cp/catalan_number.c)
- [Z Algorithm](cp/zalgorithm.c)
- [CP Sets Question](cp/cp_sets_question.c)
- [Boyer-Moore Voting Algorithm](cp/BoyerMooreVote.c)
- [Suduko Solver](cp/SudukoSolver.c)
- [Stock Span Problem](cp/Stock_Span.c)
- [Bulb Switcher problem](cp/bulbSwitch.c)
- [Luhn's Algorithm](cp/LuhnsAlgo.c)

## Cryptography

- [Affine Substitution Cipher](cryptography/Affine_Substitution_Cipher.c)
- [Caesar Cipher Algorithm](cryptography/caesar_cipher.c)
- [Vigenere Cipher Algorithm](cryptography/Vigenere_Cipher.c)
- [Vernam Cipher](cryptography/Vernam_Cipher.c)

## Data Structures

- [Circular Linked List](ds/CircularLinkedList.c)
- [Fenwick Tree](ds/FenwickTree.c)
- [Infix to postfix](ds/infix_to_postfix.c)
- [Paranthesis Checker](ds/paranchecker.c)
- [Preorder Traversal](ds/Preordertraversal.c)
- [Queue All Functionality](ds/queue_all_functionality.c)
- [Queue implementation](ds/Queueimplementation.c)
- [Queue Implementation with Linked List](ds/QueueImplementationWithList.c)
- [Singly Linked List Implementation](ds/singly_linked_list.c)
- [Spiral Matrix](ds/Spiral_Matrix.c)
- [Delete a linked list node function](ds/List_deletenode_func.c)
- [Bellman Ford Algorithm](ds/bellman_ford.c)
- [Implementation of Dijkstra's Algorithm](ds/Dijsktra.c)
- [Circular Queue](ds/circularqueue.c)
- [Post Order Traversal](ds/Postorder.c)
- [Detect Middle Element of the LinkedList](ds/middle_element_of_linkedlist.c)
- [Postorder Traversal](ds/Postorder.c)
- [Stack Implementation with Array](ds/StackImplementationWithArray.c)
- [Stack Implementation with Linked List](ds/StackImplementationWithLinkedList.c)
- [Evaluation Of Postfix Expression](ds/EvaluationOfPostfixExpression.c)
- [Removing duplicates from sorted linked list](ds/removeDuplicate.c)
- [Doubly Linked List Implementation](ds/doubly_linked_list.c)
- [Stack Using Queue](ds/StackUsingQueue.c)
- [Finding a pair of element](ds/Finding_a_pair_of_element.c)
- [Sparse Matrix using Linked List](ds/Sparse_Matrix.c)
- [Leaf Nodes in Binary Search Tree](ds/Leaf_Nodes_BST.c)
- [Hash Table using Linear Probing](ds/Hash_Table.c)
- [Construction Of Binary Tree From Preorder And Inorder Traversals](ds/binary_tree_from_preorder_and_inorder.c)
- [Iterative algorithms for preorder inorder and postorder traversals](ds/iterative_inorder_preorder_postorder.c)
## Searching

- [Binary Search](search/BinarySearch.c)
- [Iterative-Binary Search](search/IterativeBinarySearch.c)
- [Fibonacci Search](search/Fibonacci_Search.c)
- [Interpolation Search](search/Interpolation.c)
- [Linear Search](search/linear_search.c)
- [Manacher's Algorithm](search/Manacher's_Algorithm.c)
- [Random Search Monte Carlo version](search/random_search.c)
- [Jump Search](search/JumpSearch.c)

## Sorting

- [Bead Sort](sort/beadSort.c)
- [Heap Sort](sort/HeapSort.c)
- [Bubble Sort](sort/bubble_sort.c)
- [Insertion Sort](sort/InsertionSort.c)
- [Matrix Sort](sort/MatrixSorting.c)
- [Merge Sort](sort/MergeSort.c)
- [Merge Sort in O(1) space complexity](<sort/mergesort_in_O(1)_space_complexity.c>)
- [OddEven Sort](sort/oddevensort.c)
- [Optimized Bubble Sort](sort/OPtimizBubble_Sort.c)
- [Selection Sort](sort/selection_sort.c)
- [Shell Sort](sort/ShellSort.c)
- [Bucket Sort](sort/bucketSort.c)
- [Max_Min_HeapSort](sort/MAX_MIN_HeapSort.c)
- [Radix Sort](sort/radix_sort.c)
- [Counting Sort](sort/countingSort.c)
- [Shaker Sort](sort/shaker_sort.c)
- [Sort using Binary Search Tree](sort/BST_Sort.c)

## Dynamic Programming

- [EditDistance in Dp](dp/EditDistanceDP.c)
- [N-Queen](https://github.com/subhayu99/NeoAlgo/blob/master/C/dp/N-Queen.c)
- [Max_Sub_Square_Matrix](dp/Max_Sub_SquareMatrixwithAll_1s.c)
- [Max_Sum_Rectangle_Matrix](dp/Max_Sum_Rectangle.c)
- [Implement Floyd-Warshall Algorithm](dp/floyd_warshal.c)
- [House Robber](dp/houseRobber.c)
- [Unique BST](dp/Unique_BST.c)

## Graphs

- [Kruskal's Algorithm](graphs/Kruskal_Algorithm.c)
- [Prim's Algorithm](graphs/Prim_Algorithm.c)
- [Breadth First Search](graphs/BFS.c)
- [Adjacency List](graphs/Adjacency_List.c)

## Machine Learning

_add list here_

## Mathematics

- [Binary Exponentiation](math/Binary_Exponentiation.c)
- [Euler's Totient Function](math/Euler's_Totient_function.c)
- [GCD By Euclidean Algorithm](math/GCD_In_C.c)
- [Sieve of Eratosthenes](math/Sieve_of_Eratosthenes.c)
- [Armstrong Number](math/armstrong_number.c)
- [Extended Euclidean Algorithm](math/Extended_Euclidean_Algorithm.c)
- [Happy Number](math/happy_number.c)
- [Automorphic Number](math/automorphic_no.c)
- [Karpekar Number](math/Kaprekar_no.c)
- [Neon Number](math/Neon_number.c) 

## Operating System

- [Banker's Algorithm](operating_system/bankers.c)
- [Round Robin Scheduling Algorithm](operating_system/Round_Robin_Scheduling.c)

## Other

- [Find the Numbers](other/Find_the_numbers.c)
- [Number_of_duplicates_using_Binary_search](other/Number_of_duplicates_using_Binary_search.c)
- [Russian Peasant Algorithm](other/Russian_Peasant_Algorithm.c)
- [Tower of Hanoi](other/Tower_Of_Hanoi.c)
- [Remove outermost parentheses](other/remove_outermost_parentheses.c)
- [Recursion count of substring](other/recursion_string.c)
- [Unique Number - III](other/UniqueNumberIII.c)
- [Left most non-repeating character in given string](other/leftmost_nonrepeating_char.c)
- [Nth Ugly Number](other/ugly_number.c)
- [Palindrome](other/Palindrome.c)
- [Concatenate two strings](other/concatenate_two_strings.c)

## CP

- [Activity Selection](cp/Activity_selection.c)
- [Anagram Program](cp/anagram_program.c)
- [First Missing Positive Integer](cp/first_missing_positive_integer.c)
- [Max Sub Array Sum](cp/maxSubArraySum.c)
- [Sum of Triplet](cp/sum_of_triplet.c)

## Cryptography

- [Affine Substitution Cipher](cryptography/Affine_Substitution_Cipher.c)
- [Caesar Cipher Algorithm](cryptography/caesar_cipher.c)
- [Check for subsequence](other/check_for_subsequence.c)
- [Swap_Two_Nibbles](other/Swap_two_nibbles.c)
- [Sudoku Solver](other/SudokuSolver.c)

## Blockchain

_add list here_
